Rapid Web Prototyping with Lightweight Tools
--------------------------------------------

A HackCville tutorial & fundraiser for existing and aspiring hackers.

ABSTRACT
~~~~~~~~

HackCville will offer an in-depth tutorial in building web apps, with Parse.ly
co-founder & CTO, Andrew Montalenti.

Join us on Saturday, February 23 at HackCville for this 3-hour tutorial on
"Rapid Web Prototyping with Lightweight Tools".

DETAILS
~~~~~~~

You'll learn the basic principles of hacking together web apps quickly, going
from hand-drawn sketch, to static clickables with Bootstrap/jQuery, to
semi-static web apps w/ Flask/Jinja2, to fully functional web apps w/
persistent data storage (MongoDB) and automatic deployment (to a development
virtual machine).

The idea is to turn web app development on its head by throwing you into user
interface / front-end issues first, and then filling in the backend details
"later and only if necessary".

The tutorial will be accessible both to programming novices and existing
programmers.

Python, HTML, and JavaScript will be used -- and some experience with these
will be necessary -- but specific knowledge with these technologies is not
required to get a lot of value out of this course.

The only pre-requisite is a little familiarity with Github, git, and the
command-line. You can learn these using Github's official documentation:

1. Learn Git: http://learn.github.com/p/intro.html
2. Git Bootcamp: https://help.github.com/categories/54/articles
3. Using Git: https://help.github.com/categories/19/articles

This tutorial will have a "hands-on lab" feeling, where everyone follows along
with code on their computer using a Github repo I've set up, and when people
get stuck, they can "fast-forward" to where I am in the project. This way no
one is left behind.

The app we'll building is called "Rapid News", a reddit/hacker news style app
that works off implicit "click & re-submit voting" rather than explicit
upvoting.

At the end of the tutorial session, we will also have a little "hackathon
competition" where people use their new skills to build a minimal web app, and
we'll vote on the winners!

DATE
~~~~
Saturday, February 23

TUTORIAL TIME
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
11am-2pm

OPTIONAL HACKATHON
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
2pm-5pm

TO ATTEND
~~~~~~~~~
[TBD, please fill out this form]

COST
~~~~
$50 per person

All proceeds donated toward HackCville's "buy big monitors for the hackers"
fund. NOTE: this same course is being given at PyCon US 2013 for $150/ticket!
